= elected

A demo, built at Startup Weekend Dublin 2014, that showcases the basic workflow functionality behind the idea that was generated over 54 hours 

= Outline
platform to help voters easily understand how to use their vote and help election candidates & parties build better relationships with the electorate.

= Voters
	= Problem
		* Difficult to compare core issues and compare those candidates (+ how have we validated this problem & do we understand how it is solved today)
		* Difficult to understand who to trust & subsequently hold them accountable (+ how have we validated this problem & do we understand how it is solved today)
	= How We Crack It
		* Platform that allows easy searching of issues and comparing of candidates promises
		* These promises are objectively tracked post elections (and this is clear to the voter)
		
= Candidates
	= Problem
		* An indifference among voters - also known as an untapped market! (+ how have we validated this problem & do we understand how it is solved today)
		* Knocking on doors does not scale. Yet don't have skills to experience or platform to 
		directly (digitally) create relationships with others. Trusted.(+ how have we validated this problem & do we understand how it is solved today)
	= How We Cracked It
		* Platform has benefit for voters - they are here
		* Digital marketing; communication analytical tools to have better conversations (listen & engage)
		
= Why we think this will Work
	* Yelp model - trust + subjective
	* Obama Campaign proved the power of digital marketing
	* Large Global Market that is not going away (hopefully) and in some countries is compulsory
	* Gap in the Market
	
= Monetisation
	* Candidates Politician Pays/No Ads
	* Premium Page/Management
	* Outbound Digital Marketing
	* Vote Belief Analytics
	* Audience Segmentation/Targeting

= Challenges
	
  If this works... More Trust... Better Voter Engagement... Better Outcomes Delivered = Utopia
  
  In short, we will help to #turnthevoterON

= Questions to prepare prior to pitch
* How will you get users to the site (if this is asked, answer the two questions below)
	* How will we get early adopters to the site?
	* How will we scale using this early adopters?
* Can people buy an election / is there fund expenditure problems?
* What is your defensible market advantage?
* How much money do you think you can make?
	* How much do you think it will cost to run?
	* How much do you think you can charge candidates?
* Who are your competitors or substitute solutions & why are you better than them?
* Why are you the right team to do this?


**************************************
= TODO App Build

* update and publish the facebook app
* create a more effective / better pitched landing page
* tidy up elections selection page
* revisit model structure (i.e. replace HABTM with Has manh through)
* Revisit functionlity in line with projected beneftis (update models, capture right analytics data etc.)
* Create a single simple page for candidate / committment promises (and enable easy sharing & analytics of such page)

